hello everyone this is mr bring junkie
here
and today we're going to be talking
about alice in borderland
episode 4.
the story starts with our sporty female
character queena
and her rabid friend that she met in the
park she plans on keeping her as a pet
because she is so damn cute
wait a second when i said pet i actually
meant lunch
and when i said cute well i meant
delicious
jokes aside though she walks down the
street and finds arizu lying on the
ground
she puts her face close to his and only
hears him
say that he doesn't want to live anymore
she seemingly understands what he's been
through
and leaves him to die i personally
thought she would have had more sympathy
but maybe a little tough love is not
what he deserves
but what he needed but it looks like i
was wrong again
queena is in fact full of sympathy as
she somehow dragged him back to her
hideout
and even cooked him dinner wow i have to
say that she is definitely a
wife material but let's keep that
between us
and not my girlfriend we find out from
flashbacks that miss sporty pens used to
have a father that she was quite close
to
in fact he's the one that taught her
climbing as he was a very famous climber
himself
unfortunately gossip about him faking
one of his climbs circulated
and drove him into suicide this explains
why queena values irisu's life so much
she saw arisu as a good person who is
willing to save
others but more importantly she wishes
to prevent him from committing suicide
like her father did she manages to
convince arisu to live
since she explains that the will to
survive is built
into each and every one of us even if
you want to die at the moment
given enough time you will start feeling
hunger
and the desire to live on hence her
cooking for him was so
important as it symbolizes our
biological nature
to survive with irisu now part of her
team
they arrived at a game location that was
in an underground tunnel
this time the game is located inside a
bus under the tunnel
and the two meets three other players
with one of them injured in the leg
just like shota was the game is the four
of clubs
a genre that relies on team efforts and
combined abilities of intelligence
physicality and cooperation notice that
this is actually not
a space game which is very important as
it is the first mistake that the players
made
their instructions were very vague on
purpose
they are told to endure the trial while
striving for the goal
a time limit of two hours are given and
the game clears only if they obtain the
goal
whatever that is the group right away
assumes that since they came into the
tunnel from one
end and the game started inside the bus
the goal must be on the other side of
the tunnel
i personally would be very careful about
assumptions
like that especially when it seems so
obvious
i would also think about how exactly the
game would kill the players
if they failed to succeed since in every
game prior to this one
it was a definite death sentence to lose
the game
also the game never kills anyone with
the laser
unless you try to leave or cheat instead
it uses more conventional ways such as
bomb collars
exploding buildings or burning rooms
this is important because as of now
there seems to be no
end game mechanisms keep this in mind
while we continue with the episode
since one of their friend was injured
they tried starting the bus
but it appears to be at a diesel quina
then states that they must now run
towards the goal without transportation
because the injured friend cannot move
efficiently he volunteered to stay
behind
arisu hesitated to move on as he
believed he is yet leaving another
person to die just like the last game
ultimately though the four decided to
run towards wherever
the farthest distance is away from the
bus as they assume that that is in fact
the goal as they ran farther and farther
away from their start
we see many cars lying around we need to
remember that the reason they didn't try
to start those vehicles
is because anything with electronics
would not have worked
including modern cars eventually
they arrived at a drinking station with
bottles of water which have been
prepared for them
the two strangers hesitate to drink them
as the water may be poisoned
they plan to wait for our main character
to try it first
irisu was about to before his female
friend
stopped him fortunately queena prepared
a bottle with her
prior to the game and she allows arizu
to drink first
what baffles my mind is that he then
gives it to the other two
without letting queena have it first
despite the fact that they were willing
to sacrifice him
in the first place like i understand
what happened to you in the last game
but come on another thing to notice here
is that the setup of drinking station
is very suspicious why would the game
help the players rejuvenate themselves
when it seems so supplementary and
unnecessary
i'm pretty sure that the players would
although be very uncomfortable
but nonetheless capable of making the
whole trip without water
if they really wanted to help they
should have left diesel
in the bus it almost seems like they
wanted the players to believe
that what they're doing is in fact
correct
they continued to run and reached an
area without lights
what happens next is very frightening as
two glowing eyes appears in front of
them in the darkness
a beast which appears to be a panther
jumps towards them
and everyone scrambled eventually it
managed to take down one of the
strangers
while everyone escaped surprisingly he
sacrificed himself to try and kill the
animal
by stabbing it repeatedly and telling
everyone to run
after even more running and decreasing
morale within the group
arisu noticed a motorcycle which ran on
diesel
just like the bus it should have been
functional except it did not have a
battery
what he then decided to do was push the
bike all the way back to the bus
and use the diesel to drive back here
essentially
saving the injured person who stayed
behind
i understand his motivations but that's
a crazy move
notice that they have ran eight
kilometers now and arasu
would have to push a heavy machinery all
the way back to a vehicle we're not sure
would work and a person which we're not
sure if still alive
eventually queena and the other stranger
arrived at the end of the tunnel
and decided to sit and wait until the
time is up
personally i would never feel so
comfortable since it feels like the game
is not over
yet as the timer hasn't expired
in the meantime arasu also arrived at
the bus which he started in
and a shocked expression can be seen on
his face
as he realized something was wrong back
to our female protagonist
they noticed a weird sound while waiting
and realizes
that it was the tunnel buckling under
pressure of what seems like water
they immediately sprint the other way as
water pours behind them
honestly at this point i would probably
look for any car to get into for
protection
since running away from the wave is
pretty much impossible
the other stranger trips and doesn't
make it
lucky for queena arasu managed to fix
the bus
and drove towards her she jumps into the
vehicle
just before the wave hits her and
managed to survive
the three gets out and sees a large
painting on the side of the bus
which says the goal confirming that that
was in fact
where they needed to be the whole game
would have been beat
very easily if they were more observant
and
questioned the nature of this game they
would have found the painting on the bus
and realized that it was not a space
game where they had to run
this is especially true since they were
given two hours to win
which allows for some thinking before
moving ahead
the drinking station also should have
tipped them off
and made them question their objectives
so what do you guys think about this
episode
please let me know in the comments below
and if you like my videos
please press like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time